Add Ellentuck topology S000223. (#1704)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000223/README.md

---
uid: S000223
name: Ellentuck topology on $[\omega]^\omega$
refs:
  - zb: "0292.02054"
    name: A new proof that analytic sets are Ramsey (E. Ellentuck)
  - zb: "1007.03002"
    name: Set theory. The third millennium edition, revised and expanded (T. Jech)
  - zb: "1400.03002"

>     name: Combinatorial set theory. With a gentle introduction to forcing. 2nd edition (L. J. Halbeisen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - zb: "1007.03002"
    name: Set theory (T. Jech, 2003)
  - zb: "1400.03002"
    name: Combinatorial set theory (L. Halbeisen, 2017)
```
the main title is good enough.  To distinguish the particular edition, clicking on the zb link will indicate which one it is.  But in other places (see Engelking) we have indicated the year next to the author, which seems not a bad idea.

---

Let $X = [\omega]^\omega$, the set of infinite sets of nonnegative integers, and give it the topology with basis consisting of all sets

$$[s, A] = \{B \in X: s \subseteq B \subseteq s \cup A \;\text{ and }\; \max(s) < \min(B \setminus s)\}$$

for a finite $s\subseteq\omega$ and an infinite $A\subseteq\omega$.
If $s = \emptyset$ we let $\max(s) = -1$.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

*Note*: Omitting the condition $\max(s) < \min(B \setminus s)$ would give another base for the same topology, but the form chosen above is usually more convenient.

```
seems useful to mention because some of the early papers use the simpler base

---
uid: S000223
name: Ellentuck topology
refs:
  - zb: "0546.03029"

>     name: Random isols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: Random isols (E. Ellentuck)
```
For papers and books we put the name of the author(s) in parentheses after the title

---

> Let $X = [\omega]^\omega$, the set of infinite sets of natural numbers, and give it the basis consisting of $[s, A] = \{B \in X: s \subseteq B \subseteq A \cup s \land \max(s) < \min(B \setminus s)\}$ for finite and infinite, respectively, $s, A \subseteq \omega$. If $s = \emptyset$ we let $\max(s) = 0$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $X = [\omega]^\omega$, the set of infinite sets of natural numbers, and give it the topology with basis consisting of all sets

$$[s, A] = \{B \in X: s \subseteq B \subseteq s \cup A \;\text{ and }\; \max(s) < \min(B \setminus s)\}$$

for a finite $s\subseteq\omega$ and an infinite $A\subseteq\omega$.
If $s = \emptyset$ we let $\max(s) = 0$.
```
Making things more readable and tighter.
Including replaced `\land` with the word "and", which we usually do for readability.
